PLAT-10777 fix mobile device version keys (#76)
bugsnag/bugsnag-unity-performance: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## TBD ()

### Additions

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixed issue where the android version code and coca bundle version were incorrectly labled. [#76](https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-unity-performance/pull/76)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed issue where the Android version code and iOS bundle version were incorrectly labelled [#76](https://github.com/bugsnag/bugsnag-unity-performance/pull/76)
```
